This strategy that I use, and
I will continue to build on this strategy,
and this I think, at this point, the
conventional strategy for this as well.
This is not a Steve Kennedy personal,
do it this way or get out kind of thing.
It is a useful way to do this,
I think it's at this point conventional.
So we can take that.
What we can also do is we'll go ahead and
do the same thing for dispatch and
then what we'll do is make custom hooks,
right?
Which means that instead of useSelector,
you make either,
you have to name it something fun, right?
You can name it useSelector and
then welcome to autocomplete
never working again.
I think the convention I see a lot now is
useAppSelector, which I don't love, but
I'll show you how I get
around that in a little bit.
But we have, we can make our own
selector that we know the type.
We know that we can
create our own functions.
We saw ourselves do it with createTask
before, so we could create a hook that has
the correct types and
just use that from this point forward.
So yes, for a lot of this,
a lot of this is solved for us,
there are still certain things
that we have to deal with and do.
So let's go take a look at that.
This is where I make another file.
And that file is gonna have the very
glamorous name, Of hooks.ts.
If that grows, should you break
it out into smaller files?
You absolutely should.
Should you start out with a complicated
folder hierarchy that you don't know if
you're gonna need?
That's a personal choice.
I can tell you my opinion,
which is don't, right?
And because this is a pattern, there
are some helpers for you in this case.
So here we're gonna grab useSelector, And
what we're gonna do is,
I'm gonna go with the convention.
I don't love this name, but,
useAppSelector is going to
be something that then calls, we'll
write it kinda like pseudocode first.
It's is gonna take the state,
it's gonna figure out,
ApplicationState, and then it will
hand that state to useSelector.
It's really gonna make a function,
so on and so forth, right?
But you could theoretically,
okay, this takes a state or
should really take a selector
cuz that took a function, right?
I'll do just a second or
two of this because you can see how this
eventually ends with on some subset of it.
And so this would take the, And
even in this case, it would return
something from that object, right?
The nice part is,
could you sit there and acquiesce?
Could you look and
figure out what all the properties are?
You absolutely could.
Turns out that this is a common of
enough thing where what you can do,
there is actually a version of this that
you can simply go ahead and try this.
You say that this is,
whatever I'm gonna assign to this
variable should be of
the TypedUseSelectorHook, right?
And we say that that's gonna be
based on my ApplicationState.
And then we just assign useSelector to it.
And so now this version of useSelector
is simple, I just took it,
I assigned it to one where it's like,
let me tell you something about my
expectations of the type for this.
And that one, you look,
it is typed and ready to go, right?
So if you find yourself struggling with
this and you find anything that makes you
feels like this feels like I'm
setting myself up for tedium, right?
The heuristic that I would
like to engender in you is you
should use that as an excuse to be like, I
think there might be a better way, right?
Because the goal of some of these patterns
is to take the common pain points that we
all feel and kinda prevent yourself
from writing stuff that works but
kinda might become problematic, and
be able to kind of use it in your files.
So let's save this and then we'll
jump back over cuz now we're cooking.
Right, and now in this case,
instead of useSelector,
we will do, useAppSelector,
it knows what state is, and watch this.
state.tasks.entities.
Yeah.
>> It's a bit of a derailed question, but
how does this work in terms of
rerenders when state updates?
You mentioned that map state to
props takes advantage of memo,
what is it working in this case?
>> We can look totally under the hood,
I know that doing this from memory,
I know that map state to props took
the component implicitly wrapped in memo.
I do think that this only gets
retriggered if the state changes, but
it doesn't do the thing because
it's inside the component already.
It doesn't do the thing where then there
is that equality check to make sure
they're the same.
So I think it is slightly less performing,
and
what you would do in a lot of cases
is you break the selectors up,
you'd have one that just got the tasks and
so if that was a different object, right?
And generally speaking, you could break
it up into smaller pieces and, yeah,
I will do a version of that
in a little bit, I think so.
So yeah, I think less performant
out of the box or less memoized,
performance is like,
we're just grabbing an object off it,
V8 will compile that down to byte code so
fast, right?
But yeah, it does not implicitly
memorize the props going
into the component cuz the call
is coming from inside the house.
Awesome, so that is a pattern that
if you're kind of using hooks and
you're using any amount of TypeScript
with Redux, then I highly recommend.
Because it will allow you to then not have
to do a whole bunch of stuff that's gonna
make you feel really bad about types.